Compiler type specific weights and custom weights (#129)
simonlindholm/decomp-permuter: README.md

```
Then `import.py` should work as expected if `build.ninja` is at the root of the project.

> All of the possible randomizations are assigned a weight value that affects the probability/frequency that the randomization is chosen.
> These weights are specific to the type of compiler because different randomizations are more or less helpful depending on the compiler.
> A list of the default weights and compiler specific weights are listed in default_weights.toml.
> Additionally, it is recommended to set the compiler type in the settings.toml file in the input directory, in practice this is done by setting the compiler type in permuter_settings.toml of the project you are matching.
> You can override the set weight values for a specific function by setting the weights for each pass type individually in the settings.toml file in the input dir.
> When using import.py it will generate comment lines for customizing that functions weights as reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the possible randomizations are assigned a weight value that affects the frequency with which the randomization is chosen.
The default set of weights is specified in `default_weights.toml` and vary based on the targeted compiler.
These weights can be overridden by modifying `settings.toml` in the input directory.
```

```
Then `import.py` should work as expected if `build.ninja` is at the root of the project.

> All of the possible randomizations are assigned a weight value that affects the probability/frequency that the randomization is chosen. These weights are specific to the type of compiler because different randomizations are more or less helpful depening on the compiler. A list of the default weights and compiler specific weights are listed in default_weights.toml. Additionally, it is recommended to set the compiler type in the settings.toml file in the input directory, in practice this is done by setting the compiler type in permuter_settings.toml of the project you are matching, or set in the decompme_mappings.toml. You can override the set weight values for a specific function by setting the weights for each pass type individually in the settings.toml file in the input dir. When using import.py it will generate comment lines for customizing that functions wights as reference.

Author: "What's decompme_mappings.toml?"

Doesn't exist now ha, but was leaving it there in case we forget when adding the import from decompme URL
